# Cedar Mountain Community Podcast Script for 08-28-2025

**Estimated reading time: 8-10 minutes**

## Cedar Mountain Community News

**Cedar Mountain Fire Rescue Fundraiser BBQ**

This annual fundraiser for the fire department will be held Saturday August 30th 
at the fire station. Serving begins at 11am and ends at 2pm. There will be a 
pulled pork plate with sandwich, beans, slaw, cookies and a beverage included. 
The donation for the Pulled Pork Plate is $18.00 and/or $15.00 for a container 
of pulled pork. This is a very popular BBQ so come early in case we run out. 
Your donation benefits the fire department and helps to buy needed equipment to 
better serve emergency calls.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Faith Memorial Chapel Services**

Faith Memorial Chapel welcomes folks of all denominations to our services, held 
on Sundays at 11:00 AM. We meet only in the summer and have no membership roll, 
so you won't feel like a guest. Each Sunday, we have clergy from different 
churches that visit us to lead the service and we are blessed to also have great 
music to accompany the great message! On August 31st, we welcome The Rev. Shelly 
Webb. Shelly currently serves as the Executive Director of Sharing House, 
Transylvania County's faith collaborative ministry for crisis assistance with 
low-resourced neighbors. This Sunday, we also welcome Doug Grimm. Doug is 
described as a "handsome-voiced baritone" by Voix des Arts and is a graduate of 
UNC – Greensboro with a dual degree in vocal performance and arts administration 
and Ohio University with a Master of Music in Vocal Performance and Pedagogy. 
Thanks, Earle Oxner at earleoxner@me.com

Tod needs to speak slower

**Cedar Mountain Community Center Craft Show**

It's that time again! It's time to get organized for the Cedar Mountain 
Community Center Craft Show! As previous participants, you have the first chance 
to decide whether to participate again this year. The Show will be the 1st of 
November from 9am until 3pm, with setup on Friday afternoon from 12pm to 4pm. 
This show is for artisans who craft their own items to sell, and as such, each 
item presented for sale must be 60% the effort of the person selling it. Please, 
no vendors. Also, the artisan exhibiting must be present for the show. Due to 
the space restriction mentioned above, we have both 8 foot and 6 foot tables to 
fully utilize the areas available. That said, if we have volunteers for the 6ft 
tables, they will receive $5 off their table fee. Each artisan will be assigned 
a table. We have limited space and will be making table assignments to best 
utilize the space, keep the show fresh, and best showcase our artisans. Due to 
tight quarters, we request only one artisan per table without prior approval 
from our committee. Each artisan's display will be restricted to the table 
itself.

 Regards, Kat Treadwell, 
Martha Richey, Suzanne Lawson

Tod needs to speak slower

**Sherwood Forest Golf Course Record**

Cedar Mountain and Sherwood Forest resident, Tim Johnston, tied the official 
Sherwood Forest golf course record with a 5 under par 49 on August 24th while 
playing with Sherwood Residents Roger Bost, Pat Fearheiley, and Ron Young. The 
record has been held since 2010 by Sherwood Forest's club pro, Brian 
Lautenschlager. Sherwood Forest Men's Golf League member, Andy Gamble, got his 
first hole-in-one on August 20 while playing in league with Sherwood residents 
Pat Fearheiley and Eric Stephenson.

Tod needs to speak slower

**The Ware Family Reunion**

Article by Wes Sketo and Bev (Sketo) Saul. This past weekend, the extended 
Ware family once again filled Happy Hollow with laughter, stories and the hum of 
four generations gathered together. The green cabin, tucked in the hollow has 
been a mainstay of mountain getaways for more than a century. The land itself 
tells a story: first held by the Lee family, and then passed to RA Means before 
finding its way into the hands of TJ Seyle in 1914. His daughter Edna Seyle Ware 
inherited it next, and she kept the place alive as a summer retreat from 
Greenville's heat for her children. From Edna, the cabin became the shared 
treasure of her three daughters, "Peggy" Ware Elrod, "Polly" Ware Duncan and 
"Dot" Ware Gwinn, whose heirs now carry forward the tradition.

The gathering was not just about looking back. It was about holding close the 
ties that make Cedar Mountain what it is, rooted in history, strengthened by 
kinship and kept alive by a sense of homecoming. Cousins by the dozens came 
together to enjoy plates filled with chicken and pulled pork coming forth from 
grills and smokers (Thanks Brian!) and a host of delicious sides and desserts 
supplied by all. Younger ones meeting for the first time temporarily traded 
their cell phones in for sack races, corn hole and water guns. A lively game of 
spoons broke out on the screened porch and bursts of laughter carried into the 
woods. The name Happy Hollow, given long ago by the Beckwith family in what 
many now recognize as the Hanahan house, seemed as fitting as ever. Under the 
canopy of mountain trees, with children's voices echoing across the hollow and 
elders swapping tales of summers past, it was clear the spirit of the place has 
not dimmed.

Tod needs to speak slower


## Saturday September 27th

The Cedar Mountain Community Center has a change to the September Calendar - The
Crockpot Cook-off that was scheduled for September 9 will now be held on
Saturday September 27 at 6:00PM.  The September Cedar Mountain Community Center
Potluck on September 9 will host Dr. Ora Wells, he will speak on his journey
through Alzheimer’s diagnosis, medications, treatments and lifestyle changes
with ways to help prevent Alzheimer’s.

**Around the House by Linda Packer Young**

I killed my refrigerator last week. It was 16 years old and not defrosting 
adequately so I defrosted it with the help of a hair dryer. I had done this 
before, but this time it stopped working altogether. Every refrigerator we 
looked at was too tall and too wide for the space. My honey finally found one 
on line at Lowes that was the right width but too tall. The cupboard above it 
had to go. Our favorite handyman came over right away and removed the cupboard. 
The LG refrigerator was delivered and installed the next day. Fortunately we 
had a small freezer in the basement that hadn't used since Helene, a portable 
camping refrigerator that was over 30 years old, and a small refrigerator and 
freezer in our motor home that saved the food. Whew.

Tod needs to speak slower


## Community Reminders

Please note that the deadline to submit articles for the Cedar Mountain News is 
Monday night. Let me know if your contribution will be later. Email 
cedarmountainnews@gmail.com with all news. Photos are welcome and need to be 
900kb or more to be used in the paper. Please do not send PDF files. Word doc 
or JPG only.

Tod needs to speak slower


## Cedar Mountain Canteen News

**Story Corps Project**

For months we have been hosting the John Lewis book club using his book Carry 
On. The book is full of chapters that range in length from half a page to 5 
pages. We spent time talking about topics and hearing each others stories. As a 
group we agreed we would love to hear more stories from those in our community. 
Also, we now have a live streaming "TV station" and have the expertise and 
equipment to capture and share stories. We are using the DIY StoryCorps guidance 
as we navigate the project and we are at the point of training where we are 
asked to assemble our team. So we are. Are you interested in being a part of 
the team? Please let us know. You can email us at LittleEddyLLC@gmail.com. We 
look forward to growing together.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Regular Weekly Events**

Thursday, from 6 to 8 p.m., join Paddle Faster for a Song Swap — acoustic, all 
genres, all instruments welcome. Just bring yourself and a tune or two to share.

Tod needs to speak slower

Friday, from 2 to 4pm Jason DiCristfario Jazz Trio

Tod needs to speak slower

Saturday afternoons, from 2 to 4 p.m., it's the Bluegrass Jam led by Bruce 
Threlkeld. Whether you want to pick, grin, or just tap your feet, everyone's 
welcome.

Tod needs to speak slower

Every Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m., it's the Mountain Music Jam — mostly old-time 
fiddle tunes and acoustic fun. Come play or just soak in the sound.

Tod needs to speak slower

Sunday 5-7 will be a special Song Swap with Paddle Faster

Tod needs to speak slower

Monday from 6:00-8:00 Owen Grooms Presents. Join us for an evening of 
original music with host, Owen Grooms Presents Panther Ridge, with Bennet 
Sullivan, Adam Masters, JT Linville, and our host Owen Grooms. We will also be 
hosting a community potluck dinner this evening and every Monday from 6–8 pm. 
Please bring a dish to share and your own non-disposable place setting. If you 
cannot bring food, for any reason, we are happy to feed you. We look forward to 
sharing a meal together.

Tod needs to speak slower

Tuesday, 1:00 - 3:00 The Carolina Flat Tops - Acoustic Music Without Borders - 
Marc Brown, Richard Hardy, Ed Phillips

Tod needs to speak slower

## Other Events Around Cedar Mountain

**Cedar Mountain Outpost**

Sat 8/30 5-7pm Music: Wayne Bishop and the Sons of Ralph

Tod needs to speak slower

Sun 8/31 4-6pm Music: Mabry and the Appalachin Outlaws

Tod needs to speak slower

**Cedar Mountain Moonshine**

Friday 8/8 The New Elementals Season Finale

Tod needs to speak slower

**Speed Limit Reminder**

If you are traveling Hwy 276 Greenville Hwy from the SC state line to Brevard, 
most speed limits have been lowered. A request to the state had been made to 
lower the speed limit through downtown Cedar Mountain to 35mph. Instead the 
state lowered it to 40mph (still too fast) and lowered the speed limit on most 
of Hwy 276 (Greenville Hwy) to Brevard from the SC state line. Watch the signs 
closely.

Tod needs to speak slower
