# Cedar Mountain Community Podcast Script for 08-21-2025

**Estimated reading time: 12-15 minutes**

## Community News

*Cedar Mountain Community News compiled by Linda Packer Young*

**Faith Memorial Chapel**

Faith Memorial Chapel welcomes folks of all denominations to our services, held 
on Sundays at 11:00 AM. We meet only in the summer and have no membership roll, 
so you won't feel like a guest. Each Sunday, we have clergy from different 
churches that visit us to lead the service and we are blessed to also have great 
music to accompany the great message!

On August 24th, we welcome The Rev. Dr. Keith Thompson. Keith is Senior Pastor 
of Brevard-Davidson River Presbyterian Church. This Sunday, we also welcome 
Jackson Collins. Jackson is a junior tenor studying Vocal Performance at Furman 
University. He is an active member of Furman's choirs, including the Furman 
Singers and the Furman Chamber Choir.

Thanks, Earle Oxner, earleoxner@me.com

Tod needs to speak slower

**Authentic Indian Cuisine & More for a Cause**

Authentic Indian Cuisine & more for a Cause | SAT Aug 23 | Terra Nova Center. 
Join us for the EVENING PROGRAM (2:30-7:30pm) or FULL DAY (10am-7:30pm). 
Participating in our fundraiser event not only supports the 105-year-old Terra 
Nova Chapel and the dedicated artists, but it also gives you a complete 
experience of relaxation and renewal. Our signature program is designed to 
strengthen your personal growth and community bonds by combining wellness 
workshops with creative, health-based activities.

This initiative is a unique opportunity to benefit your body, mind, and energy, 
bringing you a deep sense of enrichment, inner discovery, and the fulfillment 
of supporting a cause. Itinerary and registration at https://www.originintegrative.com/upcoming

*Seating in the chapel is limited and available on a first-come, first-served 
basis. Tickets are priced to be affordable for everyone. Vegetarian Buffet Menu 
(vegan/gf options): Whole Wheat Naan, Protein Chickpea curry, Masala Dosa, 
Jeera Rice, Aloo Gobi, Digestive Rasam soup, Appalam, Cucumber Raita, Mango 
Lassi Dessert. Activities: Sound Bath, Food presentation & dinner, Perspectives 
on reality through Art, Indian Dance concert, Classical Hatha yoga, Foraged 
woodland design Creative workshop, Lake & Labyrinth, Hike & Thai Chi Gong by 
campfire. Artists: Yogesh Cutler, Tanamayi Vaiyapuri, Kimberly Johnson, 
Melissa Martin Julien, Joyce Kuhn Baila Martha Land. Please note that offered 
as part of the full day program, the creative workshop by Melissa from 
properflower.com is a rare opportunity in WNC! She is gracious to include us 
in her schedule for the cause!*

Contacts: 615-900-4320, originintegrative@gmail.com, info@terranovecenter.org

With Love, Tanamayi

Tod needs to speak slower

**150th Year Celebration at Homecoming at the Rocky Hill Baptist Church**

After several successful workdays of cleaning, painting, pressure washing, weed 
pulling, and de-cluttering, the Rocky Hill Baptist Church buildings and grounds 
are ready for our Homecoming service and lunch this Sunday, August 24th at 10:30. 
Fresh creamed corn and green beans, fried chicken, ham, potato salad, deviled 
eggs, tomato pie and marinated cucumbers are just a few of the dishes prepared 
for the covered dish meal. But the bragging rights are saved for the cakes, 
pies and puddings. Beth Owings chocolate cake, the Jones – Burns black walnut 
cake prepared by Randy Pace, banana pudding, coconut cake, carrot cake and 
German chocolate cake are just a few of the dessert favorites.

Thank you to all members, visitors and volunteers for the work done to "spruce 
up" the place and the efforts to bring such delicious food to the table. We 
look forward to a special time of worship and fellowship. Come and celebrate 
150 years with us!

Tod needs to speak slower

**A "Cedar Mountain Baptist Church Grief Share Group**

Tuesdays, August 26th - November 18, 6:00-7:30 pm. In our support group, 
you'll learn helpful ways of coping with grief, to realize you have access to 
God's resources and learn that God often uses tragedy and suffering to help us 
grow. You can register by calling 828-966-4812 or visit the website at 
https://www.griefshare.org/groups/268956.

Cedar Mountain Baptist Church, 7765 Greenville Hwy, Brevard, NC 28712

Cindy Kiser, Administrative Assistant

Tod needs to speak slower

**"Bear Wise" Program from NC Wildlife**

"Bear Wise" program from NC Wildlife will be held at the Cedar Mountain 
Community Center on Saturday, August 30th at 2 o'clock. Hosted by the Sequoyah 
Woods Homeowners Association and the Community Center, the program is free and 
open to everyone.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Hunger Coalition Monthly Food Distribution Sites**

1st Thursday, Old GO Grocery parking lot (1232 Asheville Hwy), 2:30-4:00 pm. 
2nd Thursday, Rosman Town Hall Pavilions, 2:30-4:00 pm. 3rd Thursday, Cedar 
Mountain Community Center, 2:30-4:00 pm – 8-21-25. 4th Thursday, Quebec 
Community Center, 2:30-4:00 pm.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Bike Race**

The Assault on the Carolinas, an annual fundraiser for the Pisgah Forest Rotary 
Club, is scheduled for Saturday, September 13th. The 50k winds through the 
river valleys of scenic Transylvania County, while the 100k explores the 
mountains and valleys of North and South Carolina. This fully supported ride 
features 5 well-stocked rest stops, including the Cedar Mountain Community 
Center on Hwy 276 (Greenville Hwy). Please be extra cautious on these roads 
or plan to avoid them during the race.

Tod needs to speak slower

**The Cedar Mountain Canteen announces Community Storytelling**

The Cedar Mountain Canteen announces Community Storytelling on Friday, September 
26 @ 6:30 pm - 8:00 pm a year after Helene. Share your stories of love and 
community resilience. There will be a potluck dinner too. As we near the one 
year anniversary of Hurricane Helene we hold in our hearts the love and 
community we experienced and continue to experience. The Canteen would not be 
open if it wasn't for all the volunteer labor, help and donations our community 
provided and continues to provide.

We still have a lot to do to get back to where we were. We want to take a 
moment and celebrate how far we have come in the past year because of our 
community. We are hosting an evening of storytelling on September 26th and a 
community potluck. We will be recording the stories and will share them on our 
Canteen TV station. Please join us and share your story and listen to others 
as we celebrate the strength and love of our precious village.

With deep gratitude. The Cedar Mountain Canteen. An employee-owned cooperative

Tod needs to speak slower

**Cedar Mountain Community Center – Changes to the September Calendar**

The Cedar Mountain Community Center has a change to the September Calendar - 
The Crockpot Cook-off that was scheduled for September 9 will now be held on 
Saturday September 27 at 6:00 pm. The September Cedar Mountain Community 
Center Potluck on September 9 will host Dr. Ora Wells, he will speak on his 
journey through Alzheimer's diagnosis, medications, treatments and lifestyle 
changes with ways to help prevent Alzheimer's.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Sherwood Forest Arboretum Group**

GREAT SOUTH EAST POLLINATOR CENSUS 8-22 – 23. The Sherwood Forest arboretum 
group is encouraging participation in this fun, educational, and easy activity! 
In as little as 15 minutes you can participate in this Citizen Science event 
to gather data on pollinators and the plants they are pollinating. This is a 
great activity for all ages and requires no prior experience! The data gathered 
helps educators, scientists, and gardeners with useful information. To 
participate check out their website at https://gsepc.org for easy instructions 
and counting sheets. Please help scientists study pollinators.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Rent the Center**

The Cedar Mountain Community Center has been beautifully restored, remodeled, 
and improved. It's available for rental and reservations are going fast. The 
center now meets handicap accessibility guidelines. Reservations can be made by 
calling Caroline Chambers at 828-290-9662 or at 
https://www.cedarmountaincommunitycenter.com/rental.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Around the House by Linda Packer Young**

Well I've managed to do some serious weeding the last few days. I get run out 
with the almost daily rain showers, but managed to complete one area. I prefer 
pulling weeds rather than spraying them. You just end up with brown dead stuff 
that you need to remove anyway. The Japanese grass I did spray "died" but I 
noticed it's all coming up from the roots again. It's a very determined 
invasive weed. The Maidenhair ferns have turned brown and once beautiful they 
now need to be "et". The moss is beautiful but also requires pulling 
individual weeds and tiny tree seedlings. It doesn't need mowing but really 
needs a lot of painstaking hand weeding. It's work, but so pretty when cleaned 
up. Having balance issues I have to sit in a lawn chair to weed. I just move 
the chair forward as needed.

Tod needs to speak slower

## Canteen News

**Cedar Mountain Canteen**

Monday July 30th Owen Grooms Presents Paddle Faster. Scott Ritter and Karen 
Batten, together known as Paddle Faster, have provided a blend of acoustic 
Bluegrass, Americana and traditional Country music for 10 years. They have 
played in the area as a duo and in different groups and genres.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Hours**

We have new hours for Tuesday when we will be opening at 12:30 pm and closing 
at 7pm. And on Saturdays we will be closing at 8pm on nights when we don't have 
music.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Story Corps**

For months we have been hosting the John Lewis book club using his book Carry 
On. The book is full of chapters that range in length from half a page to 5 
pages. We spent time talking about topics and hearing each others stories. As 
a group we agreed we would love to hear more stories from those in our 
community. Also, we now have a live streaming "TV station" and have the 
expertise and equipment to capture and share stories.

We are using the DIY StoryCorps guidance as we navigate the project and we are 
at the point of training where we are asked to assemble our team. So we are. 
Are you interested in being a part of the team? Please let us know. You can 
email us at LittleEddyLLC@gmail.com. We look forward to growing together.

Tod needs to speak slower

**Regular Events**

Thursday, from 6 to 8 p.m., join Paddle Faster for a Song Swap — acoustic, all 
genres, all instruments welcome. Just bring yourself and a tune or two to share.

Tod needs to speak slower

Friday, from 2 to 4pm Jason DiCristfario Jazz Trio

Tod needs to speak slower

Saturday afternoons, from 2 to 4 p.m., it's the Bluegrass Jam led by Bruce 
Threlkeld. Whether you want to pick, grin, or just tap your feet, everyone's 
welcome.

Tod needs to speak slower

Every Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m., it's the Mountain Music Jam — mostly old-time 
fiddle tunes and acoustic fun. Come play or just soak in the sound.

Tod needs to speak slower

Monday from 6:00-8:00 Owen Grooms Presents. Join us for an evening of original 
music with host, Owen Grooms Presents guest. We will also be hosting a community 
potluck dinner this evening and every Monday from 6–8 pm. Please bring a dish 
to share and your own non-disposable place setting. If you cannot bring food, 
for any reason, we are happy to feed you. We look forward to sharing a meal 
together.

Tod needs to speak slower

Tuesday, 1:00 - 3:00 The Carolina Flat Tops - Acoustic Music Without Borders 
- Marc Brown, Richard Hardy, Ed Phillips

Tod needs to speak slower

## Other Events

**Cedar Mountain Outpost**

Sat 8/23 5-7pm Music: Josh Carter of Pretty Little Goat and Friends

Tod needs to speak slower

Sun 8/24 4-6pm Music: Nicky Talley and Jason Sharp

Tod needs to speak slower

Wed 8/20 5-7pm Music: Open Mic hosted by Keturah Allgood

Tod needs to speak slower

**Cedar Mountain Moonshine**

Friday 8/8 The Harrows

Tod needs to speak slower

---

*Please note that the deadline to submit articles for the Cedar Mountain News 
is Monday night. Let me know If your contribution will be later. Email 
cedarmountainnews@gmail.com with all news. Photos are welcome and need to be 
900kb or more to be used in the paper. Please do not send PDF files. Word doc 
or JPG only.*
